docs: add metadata to all remaining pages (#1246)
canonical/rockcraft: docs/explanation/rocks.rst

.. meta::

>     :description: Ubuntu-based OCI-compliant container images built with Rockcraft: what sets rocks apart in security, consistency, and design.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :description: Rocks are OCI-compliant images layered on top of the Ubuntu filesystem. Rocks have extra security features and can be made smaller than standard OCI images.
```

When a rock is at rest, not running inside a daemon, it's correct to say "image" instead of "container image".

>     :description: Explanation of rocks: Ubuntu-based OCI-compliant container images built with Rockcraft. Learn what sets rocks apart in security, consistency, and design.

Reviewer: Same concern about "learn".
